#Folder content
- texts: contains all the texts given to gpt

- lists: contain the documents that were given to gpt in lists. The script for creating the stimuli can be found at: inlg2021_humeval\wsj_hum_experiment\scripts_dfs\createTextChatGPT.R

- A dataframe containing info about each document doc_info.rds.

- exp_output: the results of the gpt4 experiment. The lists given to gpt is similar to the lists given to human participants (list1-list5). The experiment has been repeated 5 times.

- gptOutput_processing.R is used for processing the gpt results. 

- unique_exp_referent.txt: There is a total of 2085 REs generated by gpt. These REs needed to be annotated for two questions: what is the form of the RE, and whether it refers to the referent in question. They were given to ChatGPT for annotation. However, since many of these REs that refer to a specific referent are the same, only the unique REs for each referent were getting annotated. This txt file contains those cases. They were given to chatgpt with this prompt: I have a table with 4 columns ID, gen_refex, Target, Intro. the column ID is a unique ID. At each round, 50 lines of this file was given to chatgpt. The prompt is as follows: 
-- The column gen_refex is a referring expression. The column Target contains a referent and its pronouns. The column Intro is a sentence about that referent. Your task is to decide (1) whether the expression in the gen_refex column could potentially refer to that target referent. To make this decision, also read the introduction sentence provided in the intro column. and (2) is the expression in the gen_refex column a pronoun [pron], proper name [proper], description [desc], or none. No need to rewrite all the columns. Just write the ID and the answer to the two questions. For instance, for the following rows: 
0001	Kenneth Roman	Kenneth Roman (he/him/his)	Kenneth Roman is the 59-year-old former chairman and chief executive officer of the Ogilvy Group.
0032	Kathy Roman	Kenneth Roman (he/him/his)	Kenneth Roman is the 59-year-old former chairman and chief executive officer of the Ogilvy Group.

The answer should be written as: 
0001|prop|yes
0032|prop|no

Just write the answer without further explanation.

 Here are the rows: 

ID	gen_refex	Target	Intro
0489	Jim Wright's	Jim Wright (he/him/his)	Jim Wright is a former congressman in the United States. 
etc. 

- gpt_annotations.txt: contains the annotations done by chatgpt4. 

- annotations_for_correction.txt: contain the annotations of the chatgpt along with some extra info such as the intro sentence and the target referent for the manual inspection and correction of the chatgpt annotations. 

- annotations_excel.xlsx: contains the corrected annotations. This file was later processed by the gptOutput_processing.R script. The final result is stored in the folder gpt_experiment_annotation

- Folder gpt_experiment_annotation: contain an RDS file that has all the REs generated by GPT along their form annotations and whether they refer to the correct referent. 

